{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 ArialMT;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial-ItalicMT;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial-BoldMT;}{\f5\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red54\green95\blue145;\red79\green129\blue189;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u61623\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\fi-480\li480\lin480}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sb480\sl276\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\cf4 Callback Cheat-Sheet: Secure Diagnostic Pitch + Verifiable Proofs}
\par\pard\plain \sa200\sl276\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Use this one-page cheat-sheet during callbacks. Keep tone calm, simple, and confident. Do NOT claim official Microsoft identity unless authorized. Offer verifiable resources and remain transparent.}
\par\pard\plain \sb200\sl276\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b1\cf5 <$Scr_H::1>Opening (Empathy + Reassurance)<!$Scr_H::1>}
\par\pard\plain \sa200\sl276\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b0\i1 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Hi Mr./Ms. [client name if already stated], this is [agent name] and I'm calling back from the security team. I was assisting you with the virus that is potentially compromising all the data in your [device] and I believe our call got dropped. }
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b1\i0 If cx starts to believe/declares that the pop-up window is gone and they no longer need help with their device:}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b0\i1 Yes, I know that your device seems fine and no longer needs troubleshooting, but that pop-up window with the alert was merely the tip of the iceberg. The malware/virus/harmful program could still be very much likely to be running in the background, and the longer we leave it unattended, the higher the risk of your data being compromised, leaked, used in/for illegal activity, or getting wiped out entirely increases.  }
\par\pard\plain \sb200\sl276\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b1\cf5 <$Scr_H::1>2) Simple Explanation of the Diagnostic (Non-Technical)<!$Scr_H::1>}
\par\pard\plain \sa200\sl276\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93This check is a read-only verification. It does not install anything or delete files \hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2  it simply looks in the hidden places where threats can hide. It takes about 3 minutes, you see every step, and you stay in control.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \sb200\sl276\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b1\cf5 <$Scr_H::1>3) Choice Framing (Soft Close)<!$Scr_H::1>}
\par\pard\plain \sa200\sl276\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Two options:\line 1) Do nothing now and accept a small risk, or\line 2) Run a 3-minute verification now so we both know for sure. If your bank info or family photos were at risk, which would you pick?\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \sb200\sl276\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b1\cf5 <$Scr_H::1>4) Urgency + Reassurance Line<!$Scr_H::1>}
\par\pard\plain \sa200\sl276\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t want to alarm you \hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2  but these programs can quietly copy files while you browse. The longer they run, the harder they are to remove. Three minutes now could prevent a serious headache later.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \sb200\sl276\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b1\cf5 <$Scr_H::1>5) If He Asks to Verify You \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  Offer Live, Searchable Proof (Pick 1)<!$Scr_H::1>}
\par\pard\plain \sa200\sl276\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Offer to hold while he verifies any of the below official sources. Do NOT claim to be the corporate line; invite independent verification.}
\par\pard\plain \tx360\li360\fi-360\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 \uc0\u61623 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Verification Spiel 1 \hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2  Microsoft Support Contact Lookup:}
\par\pard\plain \sa200\sl276\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Please Google: \u8220\'93Microsoft Support contact\u8221\'94 and click the official result at support.microsoft.com. You can compare contact options or request an official callback.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx360\li360\fi-360\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 \uc0\u61623 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Verification Spiel 2 \hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2  Defender Documentation (learn.microsoft.com):}
\par\pard\plain \sa200\sl276\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Google: \u8220\'93Windows Defender conflicts third-party antivirus site:microsoft.com\u8221\'94 \hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2  the official documentation on learn.microsoft.com explains why overlapping antivirus software creates issues.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx360\li360\fi-360\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 \uc0\u61623 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Verification Spiel 3 \hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2  Corporate Address (contextual check):}
\par\pard\plain \sa200\sl276\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Google: \u8220\'93One Microsoft Way Redmond WA\u8221\'94 \hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2  this confirms Microsoft\u8217\'92s headquarters and official corporate presence.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx360\li360\fi-360\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 \uc0\u61623 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Verification Spiel 4 \hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2  Microsoft Virtual Agent / Live Chat:}
\par\pard\plain \sa200\sl276\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Go to support.microsoft.com and click Get support or Contact us to start the Microsoft virtual agent chat. Ask the bot to create a security support request \hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2  it can generate an official ticket or arrange a callback.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx360\li360\fi-360\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 \uc0\u61623 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Verification Spiel 5 \hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2  Known KB / Documentation Title:}
\par\pard\plain \sa200\sl276\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Search: \u8220\'93Windows Defender documentation\u8221\'94 and look for pages titled \u8220\'93Microsoft Defender Antivirus for Windows\u8221\'94 on learn.microsoft.com. Read a short line and tell me what it says \hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2  I\u8217\'92ll explain how it applies to your system.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \sb200\sl276\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b1\cf5 <$Scr_H::1>6) If He Still Refuses<!$Scr_H::1>}
\par\pard\plain \sa200\sl276\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I understand. If you\u8217\'92d like, I can note this recommendation and call back in five minutes after you look something up, or I can leave instructions on what to do next. But please be aware that delayed checks increase risk.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \sb200\sl276\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b1\cf5 <$Scr_H::1>7) Quick Tone & Delivery Tips<!$Scr_H::1>}
\par\pard\plain \sa200\sl276\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 - Use short sentences and pauses.\line - Mirror simple language; avoid jargon unless he asks.\line - Use a protective metaphor (e.g., termites, locked safe).\line - Offer to hold while he verifies an official Microsoft page.\line - Never pressure; present the diagnostic as a fast, common-sense step.}
\par\pard\plain \sb200\sl276\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b1\cf5 <$Scr_H::1>8) Logging/Case Reference (Use If Available)<!$Scr_H::1>}
\par\pard\plain \sa200\sl276\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 If you maintain internal case numbers, present one in the format: MS-SEC/2025/#######. State: \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Your reference is [ID]. Use this if you call back or verify with official support.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 \line ---\line This cheat-sheet is intended for ethical use: do not impersonate Microsoft. If a caller insists on official Microsoft verification, direct them to support.microsoft.com or the Microsoft virtual agent and proceed only after they confirm via official channels.}
\par\plain \f5\fs22\b0\i0}